[doc] A few doc cleanups (#18158)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/ip/pwrmgr/doc/theory_of_operation.md

Flash brownout is handled separately and described in [flash handling section](#flash-handling) below.

> Note that the non-debug module reset is handled similarly to a peripheral requested reset.
> The only differentiation is that the non-debug module reset won't affect the debug module state and associated TAP muxing logic inside the pinmux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the non-debug module reset is handled similarly to a peripheral requested reset, except
that the non-debug module reset won't affect the debug module state and associated TAP muxing logic inside the pinmux.
```

Author: thanks, updated!
